batches: update README (#5)
sourcegraph/go-diff-patch: README.md

# go-diff-patch 

[![Go CI](https://github.com/sourcegraph/go-diff-patch/actions/workflows/go-ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sourcegraph/go-diff-patch/actions/workflows/go-ci.yml)
[![lsif-go](https://github.com/sourcegraph/go-diff-patch/actions/workflows/lsif-go.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/sourcegraph/go-diff-patch/actions/workflows/lsif-go.yml)

A fork of [Go tools](golang.org/x/tools). Go-diff-patch is an utility library that is used to generate git-compatible patches that are appliable to any repository.

## Installation

`go-diff-patch` can be installed using the `go get` command as shown below:

```sh
go get github.com/sourcegraph/go-diff-patch
```

### Usage

> The library exports a function `GeneratePatch` which returns the different between two files in a string format. This patch can then be applied to a valid git repository containing the specified file(s).

Reviewer: Do we intend to only return the diff in a string format?

Maybe we could make the inputs and outputs clearer:

```suggestion
The library exports a function `GeneratePatch` which computes edits between the original and updated file contents and produces a unified diff for them as a string. This patch can then be applied to a valid git repository containing the specified file(s).
```

Author: Yes, at this moment that's all we do., however in the future we can easily extend this to any other format we like.
